Group Project
Project Plan

Contents

1.	Introduction
1.1	Purpose of the Document
1.2	Scope
1.3	Objectives
2.	Use-cases and Overview
3.	User interface design
4.	Gantt chart
5.	Risk analysis
	





	

1   Introduction

1.1	Purpose of the Document
The purpose of this document is to show how we have interpreted the client’s specification, Reserve Plant Species Recording, into simple objective and milestones to be achieved.
The document is set out to define the interactions of the application and the overall appearance of the end user interface.
The document will also display a comprehensive Gantt chart displaying the project’s major tasks and milestones. As well as this there will be a risk analysis, which shall describe the main issues that could possibly be encountered throughout the development of the system and how these risks can be handled and or avoided.

1.2	Scope
The contents of this document should take into account the details of the group project specification.
The document includes the overview of the proposed system at hand, the choice of platforms to be used, a use case diagram entailing an overview of how the system will be expected to run, a description of the user interface design and end user interaction.
The document also includes a Gantt chart displaying start and end dates of tasks needed to complete the project. A risk analysis will also be available, displaying possible problems that may be encountered.

1.3	Objectives
The main objectives of this document are as to show all the different fields and aspects of the application

•	To show a general sense of idea and the aspects of the application
•	Record bugs and problems that has occurred and the solution
•	Display how different component interact and behave with each other
•	Provide criteria and standard the application must meet
•	Record and provide milestones / achievements and progress













Use-cases and Overview









User interface design















Gantt chart















Risk analysis


